		       Colin 27 Average Brain
		    Stereotaxic Registration Model


This is a stereotaxic average of 27 T1-weighted MRI scans of the same
individual.  This average dataset was created in a two step process.
First, each of the 27 T1-weighted scans were registered to stereotaxic
space using the mritotal procedure and resampled onto a 1mm grid in
stereotaxicc space.  All 27 scans were averaged together to create an
initial average.  This average volume was used as a target for the
second phase of registration where each original T1-weighted MRI was
re-registered in stereotaxic space.  This procedure has the advantage
of removing the small variance in intra-subject mapping in stereotaxic
space associated with the use of a multi-subject average.  This
procedure has been described in detail in:

   Holmes CJ, Hoge R, Collins L, Woods R, Toga AW, Evans AC.
   "Enhancement of MR images using registration for signal averaging."
   J Comput Assist Tomogr. 1998 Mar-Apr;22(2):324-33.

The volumes here are specially adapted for use with the MNI Linear
Registration Package (mni_autoreg).  Included in this package are the
following files:

     Makefile
	makefile to do everything for you (see instructions below)
     colin27_t1_tal_lin.mnc 
	a version of the average of 27 scans described above. This
        volume covers the whole brain (unlike the original Talairach
        atlas), and is sampled with 1mm cubic voxels
     colin27_t1_tal_lin_mask.mnc 
	a mask of the intra-cranial cavity of colin27.mnc, created
        manually.
     colin27_t1_tal_lin_headmask.mnc 
	a rough mask of the whole head, required for nonlinear mode

Here's a brief summary of what you need to do:

1) Build and install the entire MNI AutoReg package, as described in
   the README with that package.  (Note that this may entail building
   netCDF, MINC, and Perl 5 in addition to the programs included with
   the MNI AutoReg package.)  You *can* perform the "make check" step
   before building and installing the stereotaxic model, but you won't
   be able to do any real registrations with mritotal until the model
   is installed.
2) Install the model:
     * edit Makefile; make sure that prefix used here is the same as the
       prefix used to install MNI AutoReg
     * type "make install"

Now, you're ready to try out mritotal on real data.  See the file
TESTING included with MNI AutoReg for instructions on doing this.

Any problems with this package should be reported to 
Andrew Janke <rotor@bic.mni.mcgill.ca or
Steve Robbins <stever@bic.mni.mcgill.ca> or
Louis Collins <louis@bic.mni.mcgill.ca>.


